terrible sidekick some people just don't
take on line of work seriously hey I'm
not the one sitting on the sidelines
while everyone else marches into certain
death on the sidelines and let this baby
go to waste it's one of those cool smoke
bombs the spies used you know for making
quick and fancy getaways now forget it
here it's my most ingenious foolproof
plan yet the nefarious space station an
impenetrable fortress fraught with
danger and yeah windows using my
feminine wiles i was able to convince
the custodial staff to temporarily read
out the south wing trash chute this will
be our point of entry with the motion
sensors deactivated we should have
smooth sailing into the south wing
harnessing eight years of high school
theatre workshops I will remain
undercover as the lovely Shanna my
objective will be to escort you here
oops ha that's a vacation picture from
the mac tar resort single mingle donal
ha not governor I am texsport you here
you're conveniently exposed thermal
exhaust port we will then endure
rigorous calisthenics until we have lost
enough body fat to squeeze through the
port maybe I should handle this part of
the mission Hey sure that sounds okay
not that pork leads directly to
nefarious is personal quarters using the
giga more jacala ray you'll be able to
scan him and create a holographic
disguise for Roger with the disguise
engaged we should be able to breeze past
the guards and infiltrate Mission
Control where we'll use the main
security terminal to atomize every dock
ship in the fleet with nefarious trap
like
rat and the Clark safe we can contact
galactic authorities so that I may bask
in the awesome glow of their admiration
all right I have to ask what's with the
nurse's outfit ingenious isn't it it's
part of an elaborate deception plan it
mostly involves a lot of hip swinging
and puppy dog eyes well White's
certainly your color no thanks I always
fancied myself a winter
here we are the final showdown between
good and evil and you smell that that's
drama baby I smell something and it's
definitely not drawn Hey look at the
bright side at least we're not being
squished to death by the Pistons
you
taking arms learning cats looking good
blockage to tackle
for
shutting down
paget did hear that I did it haha
technology I just make you mine that one
was a little too the troopers will be
here any moment we need to keep moving
the maintenance sector is crawling with
nefarious goals this might call for a
little fulness watch and learn
hello there I'm nurse Shannon this is
dr. Archibald Vong fuzzy pants and his
robotic intern gunned off metal sprocket
dr. nefarious is expecting us you are
not authorized prepare to die nurse
Shannon
hey
welcome back so perhaps
Squishy's detected